[marker scribbling]
[upbeat music playing]
[Isla] When I was a little girl.
my dream wedding was marrying
the perfect man in the perfect dress.
This dress makes your ass look amazing.
Seriously. if you got a BBL
while I was in Toronto. you can tell me.
-[Isla] Hmm.
-[chuckles]
Law. you've outdone yourself.
If I knew I’d look this good.
I’d have gotten married a long time ago.
-[all laugh]
-Oh. wait. can I show you my dress?
So. I was thinking of going
for like a mermaid
washing up on shore during golden hour.
Oh. mama. I don't get paid to dress you.
-Drag her. Law.
-[Ali chuckles]
Isla. I'm gonna need to--
Oh Jesus. I'm gonna be sick.
You're like my daughter.
You barged into my office. Bernie.
-What? What is it?
-It's a legal matter.
Could you excuse me
for a second. everybody?
Okay. you can open your eyes.
[Bernie sighs]
I'm gonna have to tell my wife about this.
Peggy's not gonna be happy with you.
-What do you need?
-There's an issue with the prenup.
Bernie. you promised me
I wouldn't have to deal with this.
It's gross. and I hate talking about it.
I know. but Lev's lawyer and I've been
going back and forth for months.
I gotta tell you.
this guy's a total rat fuck.
You would not believe
some of the language that he uses.
-It's just--
-What do you need me to do?
I need you to talk to Lev
and tell him to get his lawyer
to be more reasonable.
[Isla sighs] Oh. Bernie.
I'm getting married in. like. three days.
This is not romantic at all.
Well. there won't be a wedding
if there's not a prenup.
And I've decided not to tell Peggy
about you showing me your breasts.
That's not what happened.
[cell phone dings]
[upbeat music playing]
-All right. Ness. what's the emergency?
-Please have a seat. [clears throat]
First of all. I'd like to thank all of you
for joining me here today.
I'd also like
everyone to remember this date.
December 3rd. 2025.
a day that will live in…
famy.
That's not the opposite of infamy.
[drumming]
You got about three seconds
before I fucking leave.
[drumming loudly]
I think I can get us Tommy White.
Tommy White? He's one of the best
point guards in the league.
Uh. w-wait. What are you talking about?
I just got off the phone
with Andrew Robinson. the GM of Nashville.
They wanna trade him. and he said
that Tommy only wants to come here.
Oh my God.
we could win a ring this season.
-[Ness] Yeah.
-Well. what do they want?
They don't want anything.
They're trying to tank.
They just want some cap relief
and future picks.
Okay. okay. Tommy has a huge contract.
and we're already over the cap
with Dyson's new deal.
-It's been a very expensive year.
-I don't care. We gotta make this happen.
Tommy's great.
but we have a starting point guard.
You honestly think Travis is gonna be good
with going to the bench?
It's not up to him. We can't lose Tommy.
Ness. put me in contact
with Andrew Robinson.
No. no. He came to me specifically.
This is a relationship
that I've been building for years.
Yeah. that's what you do.
Everyone loves you.
but you're not a deal closer.
Yeah. man. this is big. okay?
We can't have you Ness it up.
Let me prove that I'm more
than just the fun. lovable. hot one.
Please. okay. Isla. let me do this.
-Ness.
-Isla. please. please.
No. no. no. no. no. Fine.
Okay. stop pawing at me.
-Listen.
-Yes!
If you Ness this up. I will kill you.
I will do this deal.
-Oh. come here.
-Oh God. don't touch my feet.
[exhales aggressively]
That's how you do it.
♪ Better have my money ♪
♪ Hey… ♪
I think we need to talk.
I know we agreed
to let the lawyers handle this
for romance’s sake.
but Bernie did tell me
that you still have not signed the prenup.
-Right.
-I know it's not you.
He told me your lawyer's out of control
and called him a quote. "total rat fuck."
That's my uncle Jack.
-You've met him several times.
-Oh.
He got you your money back
after the toll booth scam?
-Yes. I love Uncle Jack.
-I love Uncle Jack too.
-He's not a rat fuck.
-I'm glad you're bringing this up. Um…
I haven't signed
because there are some details in there
that are. I… I don't know.
incredibly insulting.
Like what?
For example. if we bought a house together
and got a divorce.
I'd have to vacate after 48 hours
or I… could be arrested.
[scoffs]
I would never have you arrested.
Okay. I hear how that sounds.
and I see your point.
Honestly. that's just one example.
This is the first time
I'm hearing about this.
I know it is. Look. I know it is.
[inhales deeply]
[exhales] This is why
we wanted to avoid this whole thing
and just have the lawyers deal with it.
Lev.
I love you.
[sentimental music playing]
You and Uncle Jack tell Bernie
what it is that you need.
and then I will end this.
Thank you.
[kisses]
-[phone keypad beeping]
-Jesus Christ.
Come on.
[line ringing]
-Jesus Christ.
-Cam. Yo.
[squawks]
[softly] Why the fuck
are you making a bird noise?
My kids love birds.
They'll all come rushing out here.
Why the fuck aren't you
picking up the phone?
My cargo shorts got stuck
climbing your side gate.
and why can't I use the door?
Because my wife's in there making waffles
in a bathrobe with no bra on.
-Give me the shit.
-What. no bra on?
Give me the fucking bag.
Look. man. I just gotta say.
as your sober companion.
that's like a really big order.
even for you.
Thanks. Dr. Drew.
What do they tell us in rehab?
You keep your side of the street clean.
all right?
[lighter clicks]
Yeah. I don't know if we should be using
AA sayings in your current state.
I'm sorry.
It's just. I got a lot on my mind.
Look. if Ness makes this Tommy trade.
then they could win everything.
Then Isla will never
get fired from her job.
-Who's Isla?
-[sucks teeth] I need a new plan.
[Lizzy] Cam. take the twins to school.
Uh. yeah. sure.
-[bag thuds]
-Uh. just out here raking leaves.
-[BBQ thuds]
-Nobody use the grill. It's broken.
[percussive music playing]
You can't do a French pedicure
for your wedding. That's trashy.
No. it got a full rebrand.
It's chic now. It's like the measles.
[knocking on door]
Isla. can I confirm your spray tan artist
for tomorrow at the office?
Absolutely. make sure
it's the right color this time.
Apparently. I'm not allowed
to be Moroccan mocha.
Also. Boston's in town.
Jay's assistant wanted to know
if he can stop by and say "hi."
[gasps]
Oh… [blows raspberry]
I am really busy.
As the person that does your schedule.
there's a couple slots I leave open.
Well. no one asked you to do that.
You literally asked me to do that.
And now I'm telling you that
I am too busy. No Jay. Stop asking.
Okay.
What the hell was that?
You cannot tell anyone
I'm telling you this.
[inhales deeply]
-Remember game seven?
-Mm-hmm.
After you left and I went back inside.
Jay walked in. and he walked over to me.
and then we started talking.
[tense music playing]
And we had a little drink.
[gasps] Oh my God. you boned?
No. what? No. we kissed.
What? Ow!
What the hell?
That's it? You kissed?
Yes! It's bad. right?
No. look. you do not need
to feel bad about this.
I felt so bad.
While you were broken up with your fiancé.
you briefly pecked our hottest coworker.
Who cares?
And also. who knows
how many women Lev slept with
while you were broken up.
That's not helping.
It was just a kiss. I mean.
you're still gonna marry Lev. right?
Of course.
[door opens]
We have to talk. Ali.
Oh. um. I get it. I can tell this is
some dysfunctional billionaire shit.
[whispering] Good luck.
[Ali] Mmm.
What?
Well. we got Lev's best and final offer.
and whatever you said. Isla.
it made it worse.
What is going on with you?
You're giving away the family fortune.
You're showing Bernie your tits.
Bernie. you said you weren't
gonna tell anyone.
I said I wouldn't tell my wife.
All I said to Lev was he shouldn't sign
anything he's uncomfortable with.
There's some messed up stuff in there.
and Lev had some good points.
This is the Gordon family prenup.
This is here to protect us.
One small mistake and Lev could destroy
everything your father left you.
It's not gonna happen.
Let me paint you a picture. okay?
Lev is on a flight to Mexico City.
and Ana de Armas sits down next to him.
They fall in love. He dumps your fat ass.
You're as lonely as Sandy over here.
Meanwhile. they're having sex
in your Marina del Rey house.
Lev's on top. pumping away.
[grunts]
Dies. heart attack.
Boom. Ana de Armas owns the Waves.
That is ridiculous.
Why is Ana de Armas flying commercial?
That's not my point.
Without the Gordon prenup. Lev could make
a claim for your shares at some point.
But he doesn't have the majority.
so why do you care?
He could sell his shares
to a minority stakeholder.
and all of a sudden.
that person has control of the board.
You hear that. Isla? Total control.
[Bernie] Then they could do
whatever they want.
They could replace one of you.
They could name a new president.
Wait. they could really do that. Bernie?
Yeah. who's gonna say no to Ana de Armas?
Okay. I can see why this would worry you.
but it's just never gonna happen.
Oh. you think
you're hotter than Ana de Armas?
Look. all the spouses have signed.
And none of them
were being little bitches like Lev.
Hey. that's a bit much.
He's being a bitch.
-Yeah.
-Okay. I will take this under advisement.
Okay.
-Good.
-[Cam sighs]
Uh. and if Peggy asks any of you.
at no time today
was I left alone with Isla.
Got it?
[upbeat music playing]
Trav. [claps]
-What's up. dude?
-I'm gonna pop in here myself.
You know.
I was a bit of a resistance guy back in--
[shrieks] My nipple.
Uh. look. anyway.
I wanted to talk to you about something.
Look. dude. as much as I'd love to.
I'm not gonna sleep with your wife
while you watch.
This shit gets complicated.
Not that. Um…
We're getting Tommy White.
[exhales] But he's a point guard. [grunts]
Yeah.
Wait a minute.
Are you trading me?
What? No. no. They don't want you.
I mean. they didn't ask about you.
We're keeping you.
We love you. man.
Okay. so I'll still be the starter.
and he'll come off the bench. right?
Yeah. well. he'll come off the bench
when they announce him as a starter.
and you'll start playing
later in the game.
In… in my eyes. you guys are equals.
-Oh. equal?
-Mm-hmm.
Okay. so we're like worth
the same. then. right?
Well. sure.
All right. [exhales]
See you later.
[snaps fingers] Yeah.
All right.
I'm gonna go ahead and burn this out.
[grunts]
-Come on.
-[snapping]
Oh!
[hip-hop music playing]
[Ness groans]
♪ I'mma turn this floor
Into a dance floor ♪
♪ Get up out your seat
I need your hands up ♪
♪ Need to see you move
What you in the chair for? ♪
[indistinct chatter]
[man] In the city?
[quietly] Shit.
[quietly] Shit. Shit. Jackie.
[quietly] Jackie.
What the hell?
How could you not tell me Jay is here?
Since you were getting a spray tan
and he's not on your schedule.
-I thought you wouldn't see him.
-Oh God.
All the walls in this place
are made of glass.
Of course I'm gonna see him.
and I'm covered
in vanilla celebration cake.
I think he wants to say "hi" to everyone.
Well. if he comes in here.
you tell him I'm at a luncheon.
and it's a panel for women in sports.
and… and… and it's moderated
by Barbara Walters.
I'm pretty sure she's not with us anymore.
-What?
-Yeah.
-When?
-[knock on door]
Hey.
-Hi.
-What up. Jackie?
-Jay. hi. Oh.
-[Jay] Hey.
Oh.
Oh. uh. that was actually there
when you walked in. I…
I'm sorry I couldn't get a hang
on the books. Um…
[smacks lips] It's been
a pretty crazy week.
Oh. 'cause of Tommy White?
-Yeah. Ness told me. [laughs]
-God. Damn it. Ness.
Don't worry. I. uh… I won't say anything.
-He made me pinky swear.
-Mmm.
Look. it'll be huge for you guys.
He's the perfect guard you need
for your five-out offense.
Right? And he's big enough on defense.
he can play our switch-heavy scheme.
And he's also a knockdown shooter.
Yeah. I know.
We could get that ring with him.
Winning is all that really matters.
all right?
-Don't worry about the ring.
-Says the guy with three.
[softly] Three.
[chuckles quietly]
Hey. uh. would you wanna grab dinner
tonight after the game?
Oh. I can't.
I have a rehearsal dinner… for my wedding.
I'm… I'm. um… getting married tomorrow.
Oh. wow.
Of course. yeah.
Yeah. of course.
[scoffs]
Uh. so no invite.
Okay. Well. um…
Hey. congratulations.
Actually. you know what? Um. I want you to
keep the rest of your tan.
[exhales] Well. thank you.
Anyway. I'm really happy for you.
[tender music playing]
And Lev.
[exhales]
No. are you serious?
Andrew. come on. we had a deal.
Why are you doing this to me?
Andrew… [splutters]
Hello?
-Hello?
-[line disconnects]
Everything okay?
The deal is dead.
Nashville used me
to get a better offer for Tommy White.
I got played.
That explains why I just got off the phone
with Travis's agent.
Oh no. What does he want?
He said you promised Travis
the same deal as Tommy?
He Jedi mind-fucked me
like the Nashville GM.
Why is everybody so smart?
The family was right about me.
Listen. blood oath.
-Oh…
-We never tell anybody this happened.
-Hey.
-Give me your hand.
-What is… Ness. what's wrong with you?
-I'm gonna cut you first.
You need to calm down.
Okay. the fact is. you blew it.
Robinson used you.
All you can do is man up
and figure out the next best move.
Okay?
Okay.
Thank you. Ali.
I'll see you later.
[engine running]
Ness. what are you doing?
You should leave. brother.
It's not safe for you in this car.
Any moment.
the fumes are gonna overtake me.
[breathes deeply]
Do you think
you're trying to kill yourself?
'Cause you got the AC on full blast.
You have to be in an enclosed space.
so the carbon monoxide…
You know what? Why am I telling you this?
[sighs] Oh God.
-What's going on?
-I blew the Tommy White deal.
-[sighs]
-[sobbing] Oh God.
Jesus.
I should just go back
to the Filipino prison.
-It wasn't that bad.
-Oh.
We were like two weeks away from finishing
the "Smooth Criminal" dance.
-[exhales]
-On top of that.
I'm pretty sure
we owe Travis a big new contract.
-Why?
-Because when I told him the Tommy news.
I didn't want him to be mad at me.
You can't make everyone happy
all of the time.
Do you know who the least popular
person at this organization is?
-It's me.
-Yeah. I was gonna say you.
And that's because I don't care
if people like me.
That's also probably why
you can't be in a long-term relationship.
Yes. Look. don't let Isla
and Cam and Travis walk all over you.
They don't need to like you.
but they need to respect you.
Yeah. [sniffles]
[quirky music playing]
Thank you. Sandy. I love you.
I love you too.
♪ If you need a friend… ♪
-See you at the rehearsal dinner. okay?
-Hey. no. no. no. that's…
-I'm gonna fix this!
-No!
You're blocking me in.
[Lev] I can't believe
this night is finally here.
Hey. can I ask you something?
-Is it about the zit stickers?
-[laughs]
-Law said…
-No.
…my dress tomorrow will cover them.
It's not about the zit stickers.
It's. uh… about the prenup.
Uncle Jack told me
he hasn't heard back on our counter.
Yeah. my family's trying to figure it out.
Your family?
I thought you and I had figured it out.
It's more complicated than that. Lev.
There's a lot of factors.
It's not just about you and me.
I… I mean. what happens if you die
and Ana de Armas takes over the Waves?
What are you talking about?
-Okay. Lev.
-Are you okay?
Can you trust me.
and please just sign the original version?
Why can't you trust me
and sign my version?
'Cause it's not just about us.
My family needs certain protections.
Oh.
I didn't realize I was a threat.
[R&B music playing]
♪ For some time
I felt all alone ♪
♪ But now. my baby's
Coming home to me ♪
[light jazz music playing]
Look. Gene and I got in a huge fight
at our wedding too.
Remember when his mom printed
all the menus in Korean.
and my Thai relatives had to just eat
whatever they could pronounce?
And you're still happily married.
Exactly. I'm still married.
Oh my God.
What is my cousin Bennie doing here?
Can I get a glass of vodka
and a glass of clear rum. please?
-Yeah.
-It's free?
-Free? Nice.
-Yeah. yeah.
[Ali] Let's go before he sees us.
Rumor is Tommy White's headed to New York.
Where the fuck is Ness?
Too afraid to show his face around here.
Just go easy on him. He feels bad enough.
What up. cuzzies?
-Open bar. pretty classy.
-There's always an open bar.
Not at my second wedding.
Everyone got one drink ticket.
That included Cokes too.
Oh. hey. speaking of. do you have any. uh…
-[sniffs]
-No. I don't. I'm sober now.
Good. I didn't want any.
[chuckling] Who's this guy?
Cousin Bennie. Jackie.
Good to meet you. man.
I actually met your mother
a long time ago.
believe it or not. at the beach house.
Looked exactly like Salma Hayek.
just smaller cans.
How's Vegas. Bennie?
Vegas is hot. my man. but good.
I got a couple of businesses
I'm trying to get off the ground.
But right now. what's keeping
the lights on is the RV Repo.
It's a tough business.
Like last week. I… I'm hauling away
this beautiful 2022 Dream Rider.
We're going from Henderson to Tahoe.
Halfway. along the way.
I hear like a bang.
and I'm like. "Fuck. I got a flat."
So I pull over. I go in there.
It was the owner.
He blew his brains out right around Zzyzx.
-Jesus.
-Oh.
Happy ending.
Police said he was a pedophile.
Justice. boom.
Wow.
I gotta go mingle with… other people.
-Okay. that sounds good.
-Psst.
Hey. who is that absolute dime
right there?
That's my wife.
[grimacing]
-Sorry.
-Excuse me.
I already told you
there's nobody sitting here.
But if there's a place card.
I have to leave a meal. sir.
No. it's fine. Put it down.
I… I'll be Charlie Cannoli. It's fine.
Jesus Christ.
I've been trying to get food all night.
-Mm. So what. did you get dumped?
-Yes.
-Lizzy. Hi.
-Oh. congrats.
-Oh.
-Or mazel tov. hey.
-Yep. how are the kids?
-[chuckles]
I don't know. Ask Cam.
[laughing] Just kidding. Ask the nanny.
-Can I ask you a question?
-Yes.
Thank you.
Um…
How did you feel signing your prenup?
Well. I was the fish tank girl
at the Standard Hotel.
so I didn't really have much to lose.
So you weren't offended at all?
I knew the family I was marrying into.
and you cannot pretend
that marriage isn't a contract.
It just is.
Plus. it keeps you in line.
What do you mean?
Cam's got his vices. right? I've got mine.
We need that structure.
I mean. we can flirt
with doing bad things.
I can flirt with my trainer
as much as I want.
but I'm always gonna go back home to Cam
because of that contract.
It's like a little string.
Pulls us back.
Yeah. but I don't think Lev and I have
anything to be pulled back from.
Well. maybe not Lev. but… [chuckles]
…you're a Gordon. right?
There's probably something.
I really gotta pee. I'll see you in a bit.
[pensive music playing]
-[glass clinking]
-[Isla chuckles]
Hi.
Good evening. everyone.
Thank you for coming.
I know there's gonna be
a lot of speeches tomorrow.
but I just wanted to say something.
Since I've known Lev.
I've been at a loss for words
to describe what a great man he is.
In my family. we were raised
to assume everyone was out to get us.
so we were taught.
question what the angle is.
and how do I win?
But Lev. you definitely are not a Gordon.
After almost a decade together.
I have learned
that all Lev wants is to make me happy.
And to have Friday night dinner
once a year with the squishy bread.
-[all laugh]
-Shabbat.
-All right.
-It should be once a week.
-[crowd chuckling]
-[Isla] Yes. of course.
Thank you. Linda.
[all laugh]
Lev is by far the best person I know.
-His jawline is perfection.
-[all laugh]
He sacrifices his body
on the pickleball court
to make sure I do not get pelted.
-I do.
-Every day. you make me a better person.
And I hope one day
I am good enough to deserve your love.
To Lev Levenson.
[mouthing] I love you.
-[man] Cheers.
-Cheers.
-[glasses clinking]
-[people cheering. clapping]
[softly] Thank you.
Hey. [clears throat]
-I've been thinking.
-I signed the prenup.
I don't care what some… document says.
I know
that we'll always take care of each other.
[romantic music plays softly]
[Cam] Hey. everybody.
You all may know me
as Isla's most attractive brother.
and that would be accurate…
[crowd chuckles]
…but I know I speak for the entire family
when I say that we couldn't be happier
for our old gal.
Now. tomorrow's gonna be super Jewish.
and. um. I'm fine with that.
but the Gordons are Scottish.
A long time ago. the King of England
banned Scottish dancing.
Now. that would be like
the President of the United States
banning that little dance you guys do
in the circle where you lift the chair.
The Hora.
That's right. Linda.
The horror.
But tonight.
deanamaid dannsa.
which is Gaelic for "Let's dance."
[bagpipe playing]
-[crowd gasps]
-[Isla screams]
[Isla] Oh…
Wow.
[bagpipes stop]
[Scottish dance music playing]
[crowd laughing. cheering]
[Ali] Whoo! Whoo!
[crowd clapping]
-Unbelievable.
-[Isla laughs]
-Un-frickin-believable.
-Oh. Bennie. Ew!
[Scottish music continues]
[Bennie] Oh my God.
-Oh. can you believe it?
-It's so great.
-[man] Yeah!
-[crowd applauds. cheers]
[bagpipes resume]
[bagpipes end]
[all laughing]
-And when you ripped your pants off. how?
-We went to Benson Boone's tailor.
-[Isla] Oh.
-Hey.
We're glad you made it.
even though you fucked up the trade.
I'm still mad. but I will wait till Monday
to psychologically destroy you.
No need. 'cause guess who just called in
the Tommy White trade
at the league office.
That's right.
Tommy is officially a Wave.
-[all] What?
-Wait. wait. you saved it?
-Yeah.
-I thought Nashville was using you.
They were. but in a pit of vipers.
you gotta become
whatever eats a viper.
Look. there was a rumor swirling
that Tommy White was going to New York.
but I knew New York didn't have the pieces
to get the deal done on their own.
So I had to figure out which teams
were doing the deal with New York.
I called their GM Hale Thomas's office.
and I pretended to be his dad.
I told him that I had fallen and I needed
to speak to him immediately.
His assistant told me he'd checked in…
Houston.
…to the Four Seasons in Houston.
That meant Houston was part of the trade.
Then I remembered a rumor that
Houston had signed a deal with Charlotte.
Monica. how do you spell Charlotte?
Which meant that New York was just
gonna dump a bunch of salaries on him.
So then what'd you do?
I traded a bunch of late-round picks
and salary cap fillers
to Houston and Charlotte.
so that New York
couldn't fit Tommy White under the cap.
Then I called Andrew Robinson in Nashville
and told him
New York was off the table and hung up.
Five minutes later. he called me back
practically begging us to take Tommy.
So it's good?
-Damn. bro.
-Yes!
-You're a god.
-[Sandy] Wow.
The last thing I had to do
was break it to Travis.
So I told Travis that he was going
to the bench. and we still valued him.
If that meant he didn't like me. so be it.
You have to take it.
I was doing what's best for the team.
I'm impressed. Ness.
Well. thanks. Honestly.
that means a lot coming from you.
One more thing. I don't want you guys
to use Ness as a verb anymore.
It's demeaning and. quite honestly.
I'm… I'm better than that.
[all gasp] Oh!
-God. no!
-[Ali] Please. Ness!
-Are you growing mushrooms?
-I'm out.
We used to bathe together.
[Ali] Oh God.
Hi. here's what you're gonna do.
You're gonna empty that water bottle
and fill it with four shots of vodka.
You understand?
Are you serious?
You're right.
You're gonna empty that water bottle
and give me eight shots of vodka.
[tense music playing]
[Cam] Al. how's it going? Question mark.
[Al] Congrats on Tommy White.
Team is gonna be awesome!
[Cam] Totally. Hey. have you ever thought
about joining the team in a real way?
Like a minority ownership?
[phone buzzes]
[tense music fades]
[Isla exhales. yawns]
All right. I'm gonna put all the gifts
in your guest bedroom.
And when I leave. I'm taking the flowers.
-You'll kill them.
-[Isla laughs]
Oh.
Oh!
[exhales]
-Your DoorDash was outside.
-Bless you. Jackie.
Also. I grabbed the groomsmen flashcards
from your desk.
Damn. Lev has a lot of friends named Josh.
-[Isla chuckles]
-Oh. I almost forgot.
[zipper opens]
This was on your desk.
Mmm.
Okay. that's it.
-I will see you tomorrow at your wedding.
-Oh.
[kissing]
-Bye. Jackie.
-Bye-bye.
[exhales deeply]
[Jay] This felt more like you
than anything on your registry.
Now you have something borrowed.
[sentimental music playing]
[sighs]
[smacks lips]
[footsteps approaching]
[Ali] I put an ice roller
on your bedside table.
Please use it.
I love you. but you bag out. girl.
-Hey. Ali.
-Hm?
Um…
Did you get nervous
the night before your wedding?
Yes. and very drunk.
[chuckles] I was 24.
I didn't know what it meant to be married.
but it was the thing I wanted most.
-I love you.
-Yeah.
[exhales]
[sentimental music continues]
[sentimental music fades]
Oh. you're home early.
Yeah. [clears throat]
Noah did a shot of Malibu
and threw up on his Hokas.
so… [chuckles]
…we thought we'd call it a night.
[Lev grunts]
Do you think
the prenup bothered you so much
because deep down
you thought we wouldn't make it?
What?
No. why?
[exhales deeply]
And it will never bother you
that I didn't convert?
-Why are you bringing this up?
-I don't know.
[inhales] Lev. I don't…
I don't come home and… and think about
my wedding dress
or walking down the aisle.
[Lev sighs deeply]
I'm thinking about
if Marcus has another season left in him
or if we'll get the number one seed.
I think you deserve someone
who loves you more than anything.
[smacks lips]
Isla. what are you telling me?
[sighs deeply]
Lev. I can't marry you.
["Know Better"
by The Moonless Nights playing]
♪ When there's no light ♪
♪ It's a slow fight ♪
♪ You got to keep trying
To hold your head high ♪
♪ Still blue and ♪
♪ Black hue and you ♪
♪ Keep trying to hold your head high ♪
♪ Don't ♪
♪ Lose yourself ♪
♪ Don't lose yourself ♪
[vocalizing]
[music fades]